you take the lessons. Leadership examples experience the train that you
learned at O. C s. Apply them to sleep every day you're going to be
every day is a new day days, a chance to reach back into your offer
and see what tools you need to pull out and use because you will be
challenged every day. So there are gonna be some lessons that you're
going to train so much you will not use perhaps on a different ship
or that you use on. Sure. So we've put a lot of training and education
into Yes, you might think that it's, you know, and we're gonna
use it. Not gonna happen. You use it at some point in time. So many
leases off the lot, so you'll use it later on at a short tour or a
different use. Um, years of marriage